Update conditional-access-and-compliance-for-devices.md (#10163)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/rooms/conditional-access-and-compliance-for-devices.md

correct username and password, then the resource account will sign into
Teams.

> [!NOTE]

> > For Microsoft Teams to have a fully working set of features, make sure 'Skype for Business Online' is excluded from any blocks at the Conditional Access Policy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For Microsoft Teams to have a fully working set of features, make sure Skype for Business Online is excluded from any blocks in the Conditional Access policy.
```
